unless they were welcome to a
new video and good guys in this
occasion we are back with minecraft
and 0.11 zero point this time with the
violet as you call it violet 7
that was released today guys but before
to continue I want to comment as
whenever there is heat here in my room
I do not know if it's here any more but please
comment if where are you
really hot because heat does
infernal so well in these guys not
there are changes in themselves but more than anything
books then repaired
we'll start with this here it says that it
repaired the baby in zombie babies and
who drinks it well because the baby is
as a thing that prevents objects
collisions in a game this I do not know very
well how is it but good the following is
that a potential skull was repaired in the
mobile on mobiles for an inheritance
with the spawn eggs that this well to
it never happened to me but well the following
over here it says that the button was repaired
of returning on the language screen is
the next thing that was repaired then the
player's position on the screen
the skins good because this is that the
ski screen is not in the part
and you select your good skin as the
character of your team disappeared a
little down I do not know this very well how is
but if they told me what happened to them like that
that the following here says that
so he crashed me when I know that
when the medel reactor broke
if it was active, not the next thing
says that this repairs a skull in
the rendering of some seven months
world items but I do not know what it is but they are
items are objects the next thing that
says that the effect of
sitting of the animals of the wolves in
multiplayer the other here because it says
that it was fixed that the game was left in
the black screen that does not either
it could happen so much but that repair does not
next that says that the players do not
they got damage by falling down here is to see
says it was repaired that the inventory does not
it closed to the wall then our
guys about this we go now
with the game
seriously it's a horrible heat bordered
I'm marrying well we're back
around here and seriously I think I should
consider playing near the micro
microwave microwave refrigerator
because I'm walking here but good
is for the boys that we are
with plane 7 and with respect to numbers
skins because it was that our character
Well, I was a bit down a bit
up I do not know how this was but
appears a little short but this was
repaired so the following guys
What I want to show you is that now
the worlds leave our children is ,
well here that goes out then 0.11 point
zero
fabio 7 next door comes out 176 509 as this
is the cidh of the world so here
let's see this we give back we go to
publisher of worlds and see that then here
the cidh comes out not yes, it is 16
130 202 we will get into this world and
Well, this is fine, although I do not know if
they will leave in themselves but I do not think
so nothing boys so in this
plane because you see our headquarters in the
screen not good then with respect to
more things this about the wolves I do not know very
well how was it but my eggs from
fact
series because you saw that it's like
that they left were not unknown I do not know
what happened in my world but it will be a
animation effect that with respect to
the wolves I do not know well how is this but
same winds still do not recognize me and
This breaks my soul because they are my
pets and we like it so nothing many
it's all about this good
Other things that I comment there see my
animals returned my star had a
vaquita that folk as you had friends
and you do not even have a husband that
I have done you favor so I was not
boy with respect to that version and
I told them that because I feel there is
a little more of the I do not know if it's me I do not know
if it 's minecraft I do not know seriously but I
I feel there is a bit of lag
so it is true that is what they have
liked a very short video because then
there is nothing more to say
they were books repaired themselves then
Well, they were telling me
boys I do not know who it was but I
they said
with respect to moving pauner of
lenderman then there is a small bus like that
that we give here we will put the egg
of the under man and pass it as point item
monster monster droid and monsters place
be point people and tend to laxe him
Well, this is played, so
let's hope they repair it so nothing
that's all remember that the
comments you can share a bus
that you find and therefore another thing that
guys is that with this book that the
mods since the mods of 11 according to
I praise this is still not repaired
so here we see see the squid is
there but some that fall see you there
It was
the baby squid then this bug
this has not been repaired yet, this is what
have liked you already know that you can leave
you like com / favorite so until the
next I love you very much magners nation
they take care of me a kiss a hug and we
we see in a next video let's see if not
I forget nothing because then like
I do not know why then I think that
it's all to do with the wolves because I think
that was about a multiplayer mode
I do not know they did not sit well not like that
so let's go fishing, be a
all
let's see let's go fishing and see if
the thread is already connected to
our character here we're going to see
third person options and let's not see
It seems that this bug has not yet
repair because they do not stop this for god
because they do not repair it so now I do
I take care of boys
goodbye